1.What are the different data types present in javascript?
    The current data types are:
    -Strings
    -Number
    -BigInt
    -Booleans
    -Null
    -Undefined
    -Symbol
*Non-Primitive types differ in that they are not limited to storing a single value.*
    -Objects
    -Arrays
    -Functions

2.Explain Hoisting in Javascript.
    Hoisting is Javascripts default behavior of moving all Variable and 
    Fucntion declarations to the top of the current scope. (both local 
    and global)

3.Difference between "==" and "===" operators.
    The "==" operartor checks if two values are the same w/o considering 
    typeOf, while "===" checks for value && typeOf.

4.Explain implicit type Coercion in Javascript.
    The automatic conversion of value from one datatype to another.
    This tends to happen with "+" operator: When an Integer is added
    to a String the number type will always be converted to a String 
    as well. However, when using the "-" operartor the variable with 
    typeof Integer will be converted to a string and then subracted.

5.Is javascript a statically or dynamically typed language?
    JavaScript is a dynamically typed language which means that variables 
    typeof is checked during runtime whereas statically typed languages 
    typeof is checked during compile time. Variables in javascript are not
    associated with any type. However a variable can hold a value of any type.

6.Explain Passed by value and passed by reference.
    Passed by value refers to the difference between how primitives and 
    non-primitives are stored in memory. When passing a primitive, because 
    of the way it is allocated space in memory, primitives are passed by 
    their value. This differs in non-primitives in that when passed they are 
    passed the location in memory of said variable, ergo by reference.

7.What is NaN property in Javascript?
    NaN property represents the "Not-a-Number". the typeof is Number

8.What is an immedietly invoked function in javascript?
    An immediately invoked function expression is a function expression that is
    executed immediately preventing the pollution of the global scope and serving
    as a way to isolate variable declarations     

9.Explain Higher Order Functions in javascript.
    Higher order functions are functions that operate on other functions by taking
    them as arguements or by returning them.

10. Explain “this” keyword.
    Refers to the object that the function is a property of.

11. Explain call(), apply() and, bind() methods.
    *See code examples*

12. What is Currying in javascript?

13. Explain Scope and Scope Chain in javascript.

14. Explain Closures in JavaScript.
    Closure is the ability of a function to remeber variables and functions that are 
    declared in the outer scope

15. What are object prototypes?

16. What are callbacks?
    Callbacks are functions that can be passed as arguements to other functions, can be 
    returned by another function and can be used as property of an object => functions 
    that are used as an argument to anther function are cakked callback functions.

17. What is memoization?
    Memoization refers to the proccess of caching the return value of a function based on 
    its paramaters. If the parameter of that function is not changed, the cached version 
    of the function is returned.

18. What is recursion in a programming language?
    Recursion is the technique to iterate over an operation by having a function 
    call itself repeatedly until it arrives at a result.

19. What is the use of a constructor function in javascript?
    Constructor functions are used to create new objects in JavaScript. NOTE: when creating 
    a constructor function you must always name it in pascal notation (see examples file)

20. What is DOM?
    The DOM stands for Document Object Model. It is a programming interface for HTML & XML
    When the browser the browser tries to render an HTML document, an object is created 
    based on the HTML document  (called the DOM). By using the DOM we can manipulate/change 
    elements inside the HTML document.

21. Explain the difference between runtime and compiletime.
    Compilation is the process of taking the source code written by a programmer and 
    compiling it into an executable file. Runtime occurs when the executable code 
    starts running. Errors are either runtime errors or compiletime errors. Compile 
    time errors can be syntactic or semantic.